[Music]
hey folks want an ocean master 336 today
now this is a really interesting
combination here because this boat is
built with a very traditional mindset
it's a solid glass hull it's hand laid
and yet look what's on the transom a
pair of the new Evinrude g2s the pair of
gqueues you see here these are 300
horsepower now we do have full reviews
on boats calm of these engines you can
read all about them so I won't go into a
whole lot of detail the important thing
to note right now is that the g2 line
has been marched down you can now get
them in two hundred and 150 horsepower
increments remember the really
interesting thing about this rig this
ocean master Evinrude rig is that it's a
tremendous mix of traditional and the
latest in technology you can get a
glimpse at the traditional end of things
by opening this hatch up here at the
bilge and looking you can see how the
fiberglass is all hand laid you have to
ask yourself what does a rig like this
deliver for you well that traditional
construction comes out to a heavy boat
this thing weighs 13,000 pounds fully
loaded that means you have a lot of beef
when you start hitting the waves but
since you have those etext on the back
600 horsepower in total you still have a
50 mile an hour boat to learn more about
it visit us on boats calm
boat insurance at United marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do
just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters